README.md, before:

# Angular Tutorial - Homes App

This project was generated using [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 19.0.2.

## Important Notes
1. I did not use the `homes-app-start` code.  Instead, I generated a new Angular project
using Angular/CLI 19.0.1 (since upgraded):

        `ng new homes-app --style=scss`

1. I like to keep HTML and CSS (or SCSS in my particular case) __**completely separate**__, not commingled as shown in the videos.
1. I configured `WebStorm` to generate single quotes around HTML tag attributes instead of double-quotes by:
   1. Go to Settings/Preferences: 
   1. Open the settings via File > Settings (Windows/Linux) or WebStorm > Preferences (macOS).
   1. Search for HTML Code Style: 
   1. Navigate to `Editor > Code Style > HTML`.
   1. Change Quote Style: In the `"Other"` tab, look for the Attribute `quotes` setting and select `Single`.
   1. Apply Changes: Click Apply and then OK. 

1. As part of Video #4, you have to use the short URL mentioned in that video to go get the CSS styles for the various components
as well as the overall application.  When you see styles for the `Details` component, ignore them until you have finished video #5.

## Tools Used

| Tool             |  Version |
|:-----------------|---------:|
| @angular/CLI     |   19.0.3 |
| angular          |   19.0.3 |
| WebStorm         | 2024.3.0 |
| VSCode           |   1.95.3 |

## Change History

| Date       | Description                                                           |
|:-----------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 2024-11-30 | Initial creation                                                      |
| 2024-12-04 | Upgrade to Angular 19.0.3                                             |
| 2024-12-05 | Add Housing List and first set of CSS styles, up to tutorial video #4 |

## References
* [Learning Angular Tutorial Videos](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UnOwDuliqZA&list=PL1w1q3fL4pmj9k1FrJ3Pe91EPub2_h4jF&index=2)
* [Homes App Starter Code](goo.gle/homes-app-start)
* [Homes App Sample JSON data - goo.gle/homes-app-listings](https://gist.github.com/MarkTechson/efe8a9d4727ef33949b78812e66db082)
* [Homes App Styles - goo.gle/homes-app-styles](https://gist.github.com/MarkTechson/fa601fdc856d26b3bfa5030dae147f00)

## Development server

To start a local development server, run:

```bash
ng serve
```

Once the server is running, open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload whenever you modify any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Angular CLI includes powerful code scaffolding tools. To generate a new component, run:

```bash
ng generate component component-name
```

For a complete list of available schematics (such as `components`, `directives`, or `pipes`), run:

```bash
ng generate --help
```

## Building

To build the project run:

```bash
ng build
```

This will compile your project and store the build artifacts in the `dist/` directory. By default, the production build optimizes your application for performance and speed.

## Running unit tests

To execute unit tests with the [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io) test runner, use the following command:

```bash
ng test
```

## Running end-to-end tests

For end-to-end (e2e) testing, run:

```bash
ng e2e
```

Angular CLI does not come with an end-to-end testing framework by default. You can choose one that suits your needs.

## Additional Resources

For more information on using the Angular CLI, including detailed command references, visit the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.dev/tools/cli) page.

Commit message:

add bare minimum routing per the beginning of video #5, adapted to Angular 19.x

README.md, after:

# Angular Tutorial - Homes App

This project was generated using [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 19.0.2.

## Important Notes
1. I did not use the `homes-app-start` code.  Instead, I generated a new Angular project
using Angular/CLI 19.0.1 (since upgraded):

        `ng new homes-app --style=scss`

1. I like to keep HTML and CSS (or SCSS in my particular case) __**completely separate**__, not commingled as shown in the videos.
1. I configured `WebStorm` to generate single quotes around HTML tag attributes instead of double-quotes by:
   1. Go to Settings/Preferences: 
   1. Open the settings via File > Settings (Windows/Linux) or WebStorm > Preferences (macOS).
   1. Search for HTML Code Style: 
   1. Navigate to `Editor > Code Style > HTML`.
   1. Change Quote Style: In the `"Other"` tab, look for the Attribute `quotes` setting and select `Single`.
   1. Apply Changes: Click Apply and then OK. 

1. As part of Video #4, you have to use the short URL mentioned in that video to go get the CSS styles for the various components
as well as the overall application.  When you see styles for the `Details` component, ignore them until you have finished video #5.
1. Video #5 does routing different than what a start-from-scratch Angular 19 application does.  The key differences are:
   1. The `provideRouter(routeConfig)` goes inside `app.config.ts`
   1. The routes go inside the preexisting `app.routes.ts` file, not the new file referenced in the video. 

## Tools Used

| Tool             |  Version |
|:-----------------|---------:|
| @angular/CLI     |   19.0.3 |
| angular          |   19.0.3 |
| WebStorm         | 2024.3.0 |
| VSCode           |   1.95.3 |

## Change History

| Date       | Description                                                           |
|:-----------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 2024-11-30 | Initial creation                                                      |
| 2024-12-04 | Upgrade to Angular 19.0.3                                             |
| 2024-12-05 | Add Housing List and first set of CSS styles, up to tutorial video #4 |

## References
* [Learning Angular Tutorial Videos](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UnOwDuliqZA&list=PL1w1q3fL4pmj9k1FrJ3Pe91EPub2_h4jF&index=2)
* [Homes App Starter Code](goo.gle/homes-app-start)
* [Homes App Sample JSON data - goo.gle/homes-app-listings](https://gist.github.com/MarkTechson/efe8a9d4727ef33949b78812e66db082)
* [Homes App Styles - goo.gle/homes-app-styles](https://gist.github.com/MarkTechson/fa601fdc856d26b3bfa5030dae147f00)

## Development server

To start a local development server, run:

```bash
ng serve
```

Once the server is running, open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload whenever you modify any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Angular CLI includes powerful code scaffolding tools. To generate a new component, run:

```bash
ng generate component component-name
```

For a complete list of available schematics (such as `components`, `directives`, or `pipes`), run:

```bash
ng generate --help
```

## Building

To build the project run:

```bash
ng build
```

This will compile your project and store the build artifacts in the `dist/` directory. By default, the production build optimizes your application for performance and speed.

## Running unit tests

To execute unit tests with the [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io) test runner, use the following command:

```bash
ng test
```

## Running end-to-end tests

For end-to-end (e2e) testing, run:

```bash
ng e2e
```

Angular CLI does not come with an end-to-end testing framework by default. You can choose one that suits your needs.

## Additional Resources

For more information on using the Angular CLI, including detailed command references, visit the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.dev/tools/cli) page.
